Update README and CONTRIBUTING to match the new package names (#162)
ni/measurementlink-labview: docs/README.md

### Supported version of InstrumentStudio

- InstrumentStudio 2023 Q1 or newer

---

## Installation

1. Install the latest build of InstrumentStudio

> 2. Install the latest MeasurementLink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install a supported version of MeasurementLink
```

## Using the measurement in InstrumentStudio

> For the using LabVIEW measurements, install the latest MeasurementLink

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the using LabVIEW measurements, install a supported version of MeasurementLink
```
